Migrate Quanta/DEM documentation (#4629)
centreon/centreon-documentation: dem/getting-started/system-view.md

---
id: system-view
title: System View
---

# System View

> This section allows you to analyze the overall health of the platform hosting your web application. To access it, open the main menu and select **System**.

Reviewer: The System section provides metrics from the infrastructure hosting your web application, helping you analyze system & middleware's health. You will find it by opening the main menu and clicking **System**.

> The **System data** section provides metrics from the infrastructure hosting your web application, helping you analyze system & middleware's health. You will find it by opening the main menu and clicking **System data**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **System data** section provides metrics from the infrastructure hosting your web application, helping you analyze system & middleware health. You will find it by opening the main menu and clicking **System data**.
```

![image](../assets/getting-started/system-view-1.png)

Prerequisites:

> - a DEM license of type **OPS**, **Full**, or **Enterprise**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- an **OPS**, **Full**, or **Enterprise** DEM license
```

> - a hosting platform that allows installing Linux packages — this excludes fully managed SaaS platforms like Salesforce or Shopify. For such services, the available platform visibility is not relevant because it is the SaaS provider’s responsibility to keep the application they provide running.

Reviewer: ```For such services, the available platform visibility is not relevant because it is the SaaS provider’s responsibility to keep the application they provide running.``` -> ```For these kind of hosting solutions, the system section would not be as relevant as you don't have control on the underlying platform as it's the SaaS provider responsibility to keep their application running smoothly```

> - a hosting platform that allows installing Linux packages — this excludes fully managed SaaS platforms like Salesforce or Shopify. For these kind of hosting solutions, the System section would not be as relevant as you don't have control on the underlying platform as it's the SaaS provider responsibility to keep their application running smoothly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- a hosting platform that allows installing Linux packages — this excludes fully managed SaaS platforms like Salesforce or Shopify. For this kind of hosting solution, the System section would not be as relevant, as you don't have control over the underlying platform, since it's the SaaS provider's responsibility to keep their application running smoothly.
```

> - DEM system agents installed. They are distributed as Linux packages and require a few minutes of work from a system administrator to install.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- DEM system agents installed. They are distributed as Linux packages and only require a few minutes of work from a system administrator to install.
```
